Partial imports (#11820)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/gallina-extensions.rst

         Check B.T.

>    Suffixing a module name with a parenthesized list of names will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Appending a module name with a parenthesized list of names will
```

>    only make those names available with short names, not other names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   make only those names available with short names, not other names
```

>    defined in the module and will not activate other features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   defined in the module nor will it activate other features.
```
